capital = 528

set_oob = "MY66"

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		cruiser_submarines = 1
		basic_dp_light_battery = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval"
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval_legacy"
}

set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.8

set_research_slots = 4
set_fuel_ratio = 1.0

add_ideas = {
	extensive_conscription
	limited_exports
	war_economy

	state_shintoism
	JAP_militarism

	SJP_ZHaoHe
	SJP_JunZHongDuiLi_1
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	base_strike = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

set_convoys = 400

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}

recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = SJP_MoYingLiuLiu
recruit_character = SJP_ZHaoHe
recruit_character = JAP_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_yoshitoshi_tokugawa
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_korechika_anami
recruit_character = JAP_mitsuo_fuchida
recruit_character = JAP_minoru_genda
recruit_character = JAP_tateo_kato
recruit_character = JAP_osami_nagano
recruit_character = JAP_torashiro_kawabe
recruit_character = JAP_shigetaro_shimada
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = JAP_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = JAP_matome_ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_nishizo_tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_hajime_sugiyama
recruit_character = JAP_chuichi_nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = JAP_takuo_godo
recruit_character = JAP_chiune_sugihara
recruit_character = JAP_kingoro_hashimoto
recruit_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
recruit_character = JAP_hiroshi_oshima
recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara

recruit_character = SJP_SenXiaXiaSHi

set_power_balance = {
	id = SJP_JunZHongDuiLi
}

create_faction = 大东亚共荣圈